okay dude tonight four three two one and
Bob hey how are you how are you doing
there over there Kirk I'm on today's
episode and a SS a you that's all s it
um we're just here relaxing 59 yeah yeah
but I clean Oh easy Brian what we're
doing doing it or just perfectly right
yeah and uh what's our products for
today that were advertising well I was
thinking maybe we might skip the product
part until later in the show you know
around the age you know prime time out
when everybody gets it right but we
going to have a special guest today do
we yeah we have a 10 CW Coulson's finest
sinners ah
how to feel to be to be Italian speak
loudly needs a microphone please aah aah
aah aah aah so how's the season been
going so far how would you say you've
been doing individually in as a team as
full well finest out the answer we're
looking for is about no not at all so
we're going to react that question in
the way we love to exit what are you
doing Ba Sing se what are you doing
Kaitlyn is tall how tall is she 616 m 2
3 7 foot number 61 62 63 oh my god it's
a Twitter MA oh it's his wall she's won
a free trip to the door to open it up
NASA that said we has Smitty Smitty so
on for next week sorry sorry guys sorry
ladies I'm sorry psych yeah the camera
girl hmm heavy brush and the camera has
a cash bond a little basketball I'm
fucking with you fucking with you so
okay Bobby same hobbies many body isn't
that entertaining enough right Bob right
thank you now Kate now just two days ago
was a special day it was a November 14
as we all know as valentine's day it was
not sure how was your guys but well you
know wife is a piece of shit how was
yours Bob mine was ok wow what you get
ha ha ha ha ha yeah I do that sometimes
the Bob yeah yeah I was going to send
him a card yeah but I said fuck him when
he's good Yeah right yeah doesn't it
yeah bitch yeah
you know all right so games again we're
going to actually display how do you
feel you're doing here are the season I
mean like what do you feel we'll get the
team to go to the Nebraska the
n-c-double-a go-to binder full I'm
talking about big time championship I
homeboy great home for cute now winning
games and playing like shit means you
either play tic-tac-toe while you're
taking a bathroom or not did they do for
player big over here teacher belted for
Miami Florida iron for new orleans
saints fan ticking friend got the girls
too bad he doesn't know this is a video
i am back to back well you know it baby
now shuffle love is an awesome picture
but anyway ND head stop by a little bit
Izu Holly no Holly no Molly
not this person we're not doing it for a
good reason I dangerous doin our
pressure go up Elena you'll see for
Tommy Tommy who Tommy has ladies calling
on the public vote yes awkward silence
Wow good job on fucker I reckon Oh God
alright it's ok look hey this is our
last question to you I should record it
cold turkey papi not hot Kirk I'm a kien
phuc ok because ok we're talking about
this back centuries-- all rights ok with
our last question our last post a new
roof would we have a bit yes want to
scale once attempt to do things look
better be mama good answer at the end